README.md, before:

# Choria Schemas

This repository holds various JSON Schema files that described data required by or generated by the Choria Project.

## General Lifecycle Events

Various component events are supported, at present only the server support these but more will be added in time

|Schema|Description|
|------|-----------|
|choria/lifecycle|Various events that will be published to `choria.lifecycle.event` on the middleware|

## Choria Server and Broker

Data structures of data produced and consumed by the main [Choria Orchestrator](https://github.com/choria-io/go-choria)

|Schema|Description|
|------|-----------|
|choria/adapters/natsstream|Data generated by the NATS Streaming Data Adapter|
|choria/protocol|The networking protocol of the Choria Orchestrator|
|choria/registration|Data produced by registration plugins|

## MCollective Compatibility Framework for Choria Server

A Compatibility Framework that allow the Choria Server to execute agents written in Ruby for MCollective

|Schema|Description|
|------|-----------|
|mcorpc/ddl|JSON representations of MCollective DDL files

## Choria Stream Replicator

Data produced by the [Choria Stream Replicator](https://github.com/choria-io/stream-replicator)

|Schema|Description|
|------|-----------|
|sr/*/age_advisory|Advisories sent when machines have not produced data for a while

Commit message:

(#17) include first itteration of the signer service

README.md, after:

# Choria Schemas

This repository holds various JSON Schema files that described data required by or generated by the Choria Project.

## General Lifecycle Events

Various component events are supported, at present only the server support these but more will be added in time

|Schema|Description|
|------|-----------|
|choria/lifecycle|Various events that will be published to `choria.lifecycle.event` on the middleware|

## Choria Server and Broker

Data structures of data produced and consumed by the main [Choria Orchestrator](https://github.com/choria-io/go-choria)

|Schema|Description|
|------|-----------|
|choria/adapters/natsstream|Data generated by the NATS Streaming Data Adapter|
|choria/protocol|The networking protocol of the Choria Orchestrator|
|choria/registration|Data produced by registration plugins|

### Web Services

Choria defines some standards that web services have to implement to enable certain extension points:

|Specification|Description|
|-------------|-----------|
|choria/signer|Signing service for remote authorization services in Swagger/OpenAPI format|

## MCollective Compatibility Framework for Choria Server

A Compatibility Framework that allow the Choria Server to execute agents written in Ruby for MCollective

|Schema|Description|
|------|-----------|
|mcorpc/ddl|JSON representations of MCollective DDL files

## Choria Stream Replicator

Data produced by the [Choria Stream Replicator](https://github.com/choria-io/stream-replicator)

|Schema|Description|
|------|-----------|
|sr/*/age_advisory|Advisories sent when machines have not produced data for a while
